# 2021-AUG-09 Security Workin Group Monthly Meeting

## Project Boards and issues

- [New board](https://github.com/saltstack/salt/projects/22) has been set up to replace the [org level board](https://github.com/orgs/saltstack/projects/35) we had been using
- Barney to discuss getting access to new board and how it's expected to be used with Jeff Blair.
- Not clear if opening issues as "Feature request" to track work for SEP19/PoC is the correct thing to do. Barney to raise with Jeff

## SEP19 update

- [New PR for SEP19](https://github.com/saltstack/salt-enhancement-proposals/pull/55)
- WG members to review and comment on changes and ensure it covers our previous discussions and comments in the [original PR](https://github.com/saltstack/salt-enhancement-proposals/pull/35)
- Barney to open issues for the [unresolved questions](https://github.com/saltstack/salt-enhancement-proposals/blob/1142a50016dad80d41269efff264f4ed3525d15f/0019-master-non-root.md#unresolved-questions)
- Alexander raised some issues around salt-ssh and required permissions for keys. He'll look into those and add a comment on the PR.

## Actions

- Barney to discuss project boards and issues with Jeff
- Barney to open issues for SEP19 unresolved questions
- Alexander to add comments about salt-ssh and permissions

